<div class="content-intro"><h2><strong>About Anthropic</strong></h2>
<p>Anthropic’s mission is to create reliable, interpretable, and steerable AI systems. We want AI to be safe and beneficial for our users and for society as a whole. Our team is a quickly growing group of committed researchers, engineers, policy experts, and business leaders working together to build beneficial AI systems.</p></div><h2>About the Role&nbsp;</h2>
<p>Anthropic is seeking an exceptional Employment Counsel to build the foundation for Anthropic's growing global workforce in Europe. You will closely partner with our People team, business and technical stakeholders to create and manage employment programs in the EMEA region that enable high performers to achieve their best work. The ideal candidate pairs their employment law expertise with pragmatism and creativity, in a fast-paced and fun environment.&nbsp;</p>
<h2>Responsibilities:</h2>
<ul>
<li>Develop and implement compliant employment programs and practices across several European jurisdictions to streamline the global employee experience to create a culture of high performance, and alignment to Anthropic’s values and People philosophy&nbsp;</li>
<li>Partner with the People team and managers on a wide range of employment law issues, including compensation, benefits, privacy, performance management, leaves of absence, works council and contingent workers&nbsp;</li>
<li>Craft clear and comprehensive written guidance, policies, and communications that effectively translate complex employment law concepts into actionable frameworks&nbsp;</li>
<li>Leverage your experience to proactively identify and mitigate employment legal risks and disputes</li>
<li>Develop training and manager enablement programs on employment legal topics</li>
<li>Liaise and manage relationships with outside counsel, as necessary</li>
<li>Stay up to date on relevant employment laws, regulations, industry trends, and disseminate to key stakeholders these developments and their implications to Anthropic’s mission and business</li>
</ul>
<h2>You may be a good fit if you have:</h2>
<ul>
<li>A law degree from a European jurisdiction with demonstrated academic credentials</li>
<li>At least 8 years of post-qualification experience in labor and employment; In-house experience strongly preferred</li>
<li>Employment law experience supporting teams based in the European Union, Switzerland, and the United Kingdom</li>
<li>Humility, thoughtfulness, sound judgment, and the highest level of integrity</li>
<li>A strategic, flexible, resourceful, and solution-oriented mindset</li>
<li>Strong organizational and project management skills, with the ability to prioritize and execute on tasks</li>
<li>Exceptional analytical, writing, and communication skills, with the ability to succinctly and effectively communicate legal issues to non-lawyers</li>
</ul>
<h2>Strong candidates may have:</h2>
<ul>
<li>In-house or similar experience at a global law firm</li>
<li>Experience in a tech company or other fast-paced environment</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Role-specific policy:&nbsp;</strong>For this role, we expect all staff to be able to work from our London office at least 3 days a week, though we encourage you to apply even if you might need some flexibility for an interim period of time.<br><strong><br>Application Deadline:</strong> 5pm GMT on January 30, 2026. Applications will be reviewed after the deadline, and our hiring team plans to begin contacting potential candidates in January 2026. We encourage all interested and qualified applicants to submit their materials before this date to ensure full consideration.</p><div class="content-pay-transparency"><div class="pay-input"><div class="description"><p>The annual compensation range for this role is below. For sales roles, the range provided is the role’s On Target Earnings ("OTE") range, meaning that the range includes both the sales commissions/sales bonuses target and annual base salary for the role. Our total compensation package for full-time employees includes equity and benefits.</p></div><div class="title">Annual Salary:</div><div class="pay-range"><span>£165,000</span><span class="divider">&mdash;</span><span>£200,000 GBP</span></div></div></div><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><strong>Logistics</strong></h2>
<p><strong>Education requirements: </strong>We require at least a Bachelor's degree in a related field or equivalent experience.<strong><br><br>Location-based hybrid policy:</strong> Currently, we expect all staff to be in one of our offices at least 25% of the time. However, some roles may require more time in our offices.</p>
<p><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Visa sponsorship:</strong>&nbsp;We do sponsor visas! However, we aren't able to successfully sponsor visas for every role and every candidate. But if we make you an offer, we will make every reasonable effort to get you a visa, and we retain an immigration lawyer to help with this.</p>
<p><strong>We encourage you to apply even if you do not believe you meet every single qualification.</strong> Not all strong candidates will meet every single qualification as listed.&nbsp; Research shows that people who identify as being from underrepresented groups are more prone to experiencing imposter syndrome and doubting the strength of their candidacy, so we urge you not to exclude yourself prematurely and to submit an application if you're interested in this work. We think AI systems like the ones we're building have enormous social and ethical implications. We think this makes representation even more important, and we strive to include a range of diverse perspectives on our team.<br><br><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Your safety matters to us.</strong>&nbsp;To protect yourself from potential scams, remember that Anthropic recruiters only contact you from&nbsp;@anthropic.com&nbsp;email addresses. Be cautious of emails from other domains. Legitimate Anthropic recruiters will never ask for money, fees, or banking information before your first day. If you're ever unsure about a communication, don't click any links—visit&nbsp;<u data-stringify-type="underline"><a class="c-link c-link--underline" href="http://anthropic.com/careers" target="_blank" data-stringify-link="http://anthropic.com/careers" data-sk="tooltip_parent" data-remove-tab-index="true">anthropic.com/careers</a></u>&nbsp;directly for confirmed position openings.</p>
<h2><strong>How we're different</strong></h2>
<p>We believe that the highest-impact AI research will be big science. At Anthropic we work as a single cohesive team on just a few large-scale research efforts. And we value impact — advancing our long-term goals of steerable, trustworthy AI — rather than work on smaller and more specific puzzles. We view AI research as an empirical science, which has as much in common with physics and biology as with traditional efforts in computer science. We're an extremely collaborative group, and we host frequent research discussions to ensure that we are pursuing the highest-impact work at any given time. As such, we greatly value communication skills.</p>
<p>The easiest way to understand our research directions is to read our recent research. This research continues many of the directions our team worked on prior to Anthropic, including: GPT-3, Circuit-Based Interpretability, Multimodal Neurons, Scaling Laws, AI &amp; Compute, Concrete Problems in AI Safety, and Learning from Human Preferences.</p>
<h2><strong>Come work with us!</strong></h2>
<p>Anthropic is a public benefit corporation headquartered in San Francisco. We offer competitive compensation and benefits, optional equity donation matching, generous vacation and parental leave, flexible working hours, and a lovely office space in which to collaborate with colleagues. <strong data-stringify-type="bold">Guidance on Candidates' AI Usage:</strong>&nbsp;Learn about&nbsp;<a class="c-link" href="https://www.anthropic.com/candidate-ai-guidance" target="_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.anthropic.com/candidate-ai-guidance" data-sk="tooltip_parent">our policy</a>&nbsp;for using AI in our application process</p></div>