<div class="content-intro"><h2><strong>About Anthropic</strong></h2>
<p>Anthropic’s mission is to create reliable, interpretable, and steerable AI systems. We want AI to be safe and beneficial for our users and for society as a whole. Our team is a quickly growing group of committed researchers, engineers, policy experts, and business leaders working together to build beneficial AI systems.</p></div><h2>About Anthropic</h2>
<p>Anthropic’s mission is to create reliable, interpretable, and steerable AI systems. We want AI to be safe and beneficial for our users and for society as a whole. Our team is a quickly growing group of committed researchers, engineers, policy experts, and business leaders working together to build beneficial AI systems.</p>
<h2>About the role</h2>
<p>As an Enterprise Account Executive at Anthropic's Industries team, you'll drive the adoption of safe, frontier AI by securing strategic deals with top enterprises across the Australia markets, unlocking new value streams throughout their business. You'll leverage your consultative sales expertise and technical acumen to propel revenue growth while becoming a trusted partner to customers, helping them embed and deploy AI while uncovering its full range of capabilities. In collaboration with GTM, Product, Engineering, and cross-functional teams, you'll continuously refine our value proposition, sales methodology, and market positioning to ensure differentiated value across the Australia landscape.<br><br></p>
<p>You will be contributing to the GTM strategy for our Industries team, focusing on sector-specific solutions and strategies within key verticals. The Industries team operates as a specialized set of teams with dedicated Account Executives aligned to specific high-priority verticals including Financial Services, Healthcare and Life Sciences, and Industries Generalist. As part of our broader Commercial Industries coverage, you'll focus on the diverse range of enterprise verticals beyond these core specializations - including Telecom, Media, Energy, Manufacturing, Retail, Transportation and other major industry sectors that represent significant growth opportunities for AI adoption.</p>
<p>&nbsp;</p>
<p>This is a highly consultative sales role as you will be cross-selling with our existing team of Account Executives, determining pricing strategy, and influencing the product roadmap based upon customer feedback. You will help define our solution-led selling approach, positioning us as strategic advisors, and provide a continuous feedback loop for internal teams to iterate on. You should be passionate about developing industry expertise, collaborating cross-functionally, and executing on our approach to the market. By driving expansion within key accounts and acquiring new logos in strategic verticals, you will help enterprises obtain new capabilities while also advancing the ethical development of AI.</p>
<h2>Responsibilities:</h2>
<ul>
<li>Contribute to the Industries team GTM strategy, identifying new use cases within your assigned verticals, winning new business, and sharing feedback with cross-functional teams</li>
<li>Drive strategic expansion within key accounts in established verticals and new logo acquisition within emerging verticals</li>
<li>Break into new accounts and cross-sell into existing business alongside our team of Account Executives</li>
<li>Own a revenue target and all aspects of the sales cycle from prospecting to close, including outbounding and engaging Tier 1 accounts</li>
<li>Lead with conviction by providing clear recommendations based on deep industry expertise rather than presenting a menu of options</li>
<li>Prioritize organizations that can serve as lighthouse customers and references within their industries</li>
<li>Become a trusted advisor to customers, understanding their unique needs and crafting tailored AI solutions. Co-innovate with customers and sell on the product roadmap while appropriately setting expectations</li>
<li>Collaborate extensively with cross-functional partners including product, engineering, legal, marketing, and Applied AI to help bring new solutions to market and provide feedback to shape roadmaps</li>
<li>Develop sales collateral, proposals, and presentations to effectively position Anthropic's AI products. Continuously refine sales tactics and share best practices</li>
</ul>
<h2>You may be a good fit if you have:</h2>
<ul>
<li>10+ years of enterprise sales experience driving adoption of emerging technologies with a consultative, solutions-oriented sales approach in the ANZ market.</li>
<li>Experience selling into BFSI, Media, Energy, Manufacturing, Retail, Telco, Transportation verticals</li>
<li>A track record of managing complex sales cycles and securing strategic deals by understanding multifaceted technical requirements and crafting tailored solutions</li>
<li>Demonstrated ability to navigate dynamic stakeholder ecosystems, building consensus and providing innovative solutions to disparate groups</li>
<li>Extensive experience negotiating highly complex, customized commercial agreements with multiple stakeholders</li>
<li>Proven experience exceeding revenue targets in fast-paced organizations by effectively managing an evolving pipeline and sales process</li>
<li>Excellent communication skills and the ability to present confidently and build connections across all customer levels, from ICs to C-level executives</li>
<li>A knack for bringing order to chaos and an enthusiastic "roll up your sleeves" mentality. You are a true team player</li>
<li>A strategic, analytical approach to assessing markets combined with creative, tactical execution to capture opportunities</li>
<li>A passion for and/or experience with advanced AI systems. You feel strongly about ensuring frontier AI systems are developed safely</li>
</ul>
<h2><br>Logistics</h2>
<p>Education requirements: We require at least a Bachelor's degree in a related field or equivalent experience.<br><br>Visa sponsorship: We do sponsor visas! However, we aren't able to successfully sponsor visas for every role and every candidate. But if we make you an offer, we will make every reasonable effort to get you a visa, and we retain an immigration lawyer to help with this.</p>
<p>We encourage you to apply even if you do not believe you meet every single qualification. Not all strong candidates will meet every single qualification as listed.&nbsp; Research shows that people who identify as being from underrepresented groups are more prone to experiencing imposter syndrome and doubting the strength of their candidacy, so we urge you not to exclude yourself prematurely and to submit an application if you're interested in this work. We think AI systems like the ones we're building have enormous social and ethical implications. We think this makes representation even more important, and we strive to include a range of diverse perspectives on our team.<br><br>Your safety matters to us. To protect yourself from potential scams, remember that Anthropic recruiters only contact you from @anthropic.com email addresses. Be cautious of emails from other domains. Legitimate Anthropic recruiters will never ask for money, fees, or banking information before your first day. If you're ever unsure about a communication, don't click any links—visit <a href="http://anthropic.com/careers">anthropic.com/careers</a> directly for confirmed position openings.</p>
<h2>How we're different</h2>
<p>We believe that the highest-impact AI research will be big science. At Anthropic we work as a single cohesive team on just a few large-scale research efforts. And we value impact — advancing our long-term goals of steerable, trustworthy AI — rather than work on smaller and more specific puzzles. We view AI research as an empirical science, which has as much in common with physics and biology as with traditional efforts in computer science. We're an extremely collaborative group, and we host frequent research discussions to ensure that we are pursuing the highest-impact work at any given time. As such, we greatly value communication skills.</p>
<p>The easiest way to understand our research directions is to read our recent research. This research continues many of the directions our team worked on prior to Anthropic, including: GPT-3, Circuit-Based Interpretability, Multimodal Neurons, Scaling Laws, AI &amp; Compute, Concrete Problems in AI Safety, and Learning from Human Preferences.</p>
<h2>Come work with us!</h2>
<p>Anthropic is a public benefit corporation headquartered in San Francisco. We offer competitive compensation and benefits, optional equity donation matching, generous vacation and parental leave, flexible working hours, and a lovely office space in which to collaborate with colleagues. Guidance on Candidates' AI Usage: Learn about <a href="https://www.anthropic.com/candidate-ai-guidance">our policy</a> for using AI in our application process</p><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><strong>Logistics</strong></h2>
<p><strong>Education requirements: </strong>We require at least a Bachelor's degree in a related field or equivalent experience.<strong><br><br>Location-based hybrid policy:</strong> Currently, we expect all staff to be in one of our offices at least 25% of the time. However, some roles may require more time in our offices.</p>
<p><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Visa sponsorship:</strong>&nbsp;We do sponsor visas! However, we aren't able to successfully sponsor visas for every role and every candidate. But if we make you an offer, we will make every reasonable effort to get you a visa, and we retain an immigration lawyer to help with this.</p>
<p><strong>We encourage you to apply even if you do not believe you meet every single qualification.</strong> Not all strong candidates will meet every single qualification as listed.&nbsp; Research shows that people who identify as being from underrepresented groups are more prone to experiencing imposter syndrome and doubting the strength of their candidacy, so we urge you not to exclude yourself prematurely and to submit an application if you're interested in this work. We think AI systems like the ones we're building have enormous social and ethical implications. We think this makes representation even more important, and we strive to include a range of diverse perspectives on our team.<br><br><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Your safety matters to us.</strong>&nbsp;To protect yourself from potential scams, remember that Anthropic recruiters only contact you from&nbsp;@anthropic.com&nbsp;email addresses. Be cautious of emails from other domains. Legitimate Anthropic recruiters will never ask for money, fees, or banking information before your first day. If you're ever unsure about a communication, don't click any links—visit&nbsp;<u data-stringify-type="underline"><a class="c-link c-link--underline" href="http://anthropic.com/careers" target="_blank" data-stringify-link="http://anthropic.com/careers" data-sk="tooltip_parent" data-remove-tab-index="true">anthropic.com/careers</a></u>&nbsp;directly for confirmed position openings.</p>
<h2><strong>How we're different</strong></h2>
<p>We believe that the highest-impact AI research will be big science. At Anthropic we work as a single cohesive team on just a few large-scale research efforts. And we value impact — advancing our long-term goals of steerable, trustworthy AI — rather than work on smaller and more specific puzzles. We view AI research as an empirical science, which has as much in common with physics and biology as with traditional efforts in computer science. We're an extremely collaborative group, and we host frequent research discussions to ensure that we are pursuing the highest-impact work at any given time. As such, we greatly value communication skills.</p>
<p>The easiest way to understand our research directions is to read our recent research. This research continues many of the directions our team worked on prior to Anthropic, including: GPT-3, Circuit-Based Interpretability, Multimodal Neurons, Scaling Laws, AI &amp; Compute, Concrete Problems in AI Safety, and Learning from Human Preferences.</p>
<h2><strong>Come work with us!</strong></h2>
<p>Anthropic is a public benefit corporation headquartered in San Francisco. We offer competitive compensation and benefits, optional equity donation matching, generous vacation and parental leave, flexible working hours, and a lovely office space in which to collaborate with colleagues. <strong data-stringify-type="bold">Guidance on Candidates' AI Usage:</strong>&nbsp;Learn about&nbsp;<a class="c-link" href="https://www.anthropic.com/candidate-ai-guidance" target="_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.anthropic.com/candidate-ai-guidance" data-sk="tooltip_parent">our policy</a>&nbsp;for using AI in our application process</p></div>