<div class="content-intro"><h2><strong>About Anthropic</strong></h2>
<p>Anthropic’s mission is to create reliable, interpretable, and steerable AI systems. We want AI to be safe and beneficial for our users and for society as a whole. Our team is a quickly growing group of committed researchers, engineers, policy experts, and business leaders working together to build beneficial AI systems.</p></div><h2 class="text-xl font-bold text-text-100 mt-1 -mb-0.5">About the Role</h2>
<p>Anthropic is bringing Claude to democracies worldwide, and we’re looking for startup-minded engineers to build out our public sector engineering team. Engineers in this role will be working across the stack to scale our products from 0 to 1 and beyond.&nbsp;</p>
<p>While we’re looking for candidates with prior public sector experience, we are also excited about hiring product-minded engineers with a track record of building and scaling products. There’s no shortage of things to build, so startup experience will help in maintaining a sharp focus and plotting an optimal path forward. This role is full-stack and entrepreneurial: you’ll own projects such as building out deployments for new government customers, implementing products to better surface critical information, and working directly with customers to understand how we can best leverage and adapt Claude to power their workflows.</p>
<p>You’d be joining at an exciting inflection point where we are evolving past deployments of basic Claude access for the public sector and toward cutting-edge AI capabilities and a comprehensive public sector experience. The projects the team tackles enables governments to deploy AI applications for their most critical operations—from national security to public services. As the team continues to grow, our focus includes delivering solutions that directly influence how democratic institutions deploy and use advanced AI systems.</p>
<h2 class="text-xl font-bold text-text-100 mt-1 -mb-0.5">Core Responsibilities</h2>
<ul class="[&amp;:not(:last-child)_ul]:pb-1 [&amp;:not(:last-child)_ol]:pb-1 list-disc space-y-1.5 pl-7">
<li>Build specialized AI applications and products for governments by developing deep understanding of their processes and workflows</li>
<li>Take ownership of architecting new deployments and designing public sector specific features</li>
<li>Collaborate closely with research on AI models for government applications and workflows</li>
<li>Partner directly with government customers and internal go-to-market teams to translate requirements into technical and product roadmaps</li>
<li>Design and build scalable systems for deployment, user management, and administrative controls</li>
<li>Create clarity and technical direction in a fast-moving environment with unique constraints</li>
</ul>
<h2 class="text-xl font-bold text-text-100 mt-1 -mb-0.5">You Might Be a Good Fit If You:</h2>
<ul class="[&amp;:not(:last-child)_ul]:pb-1 [&amp;:not(:last-child)_ol]:pb-1 list-disc space-y-1.5 pl-7">
<li>Have 6+ years of experience as a full stack software engineer</li>
<li>Experience integrating and working with AI/ML models and understanding their capabilities</li>
<li>Strong technical background with proven success building and shipping enterprise or government-grade products</li>
<li>Have excellent collaboration skills, with ability to work effectively across functions</li>
</ul>
<h2 class="text-xl font-bold text-text-100 mt-1 -mb-0.5">Strong Candidates May Also Have:</h2>
<ul class="[&amp;:not(:last-child)_ul]:pb-1 [&amp;:not(:last-child)_ol]:pb-1 list-disc space-y-1.5 pl-7">
<li>Startup experience, particularly in scaling products from zero to one</li>
<li>Experience partnering with sales, customer success, and professional services teams to drive product adoption</li>
<li>Experience delivering software to government networks</li>
<li>Active federal security clearance (Secret or above)</li>
</ul>
<p><em>This position requires verification of U.S. citizenship due to citizenship-based legal restrictions. Specifically, this position supports a United States federal, state, and/or local government agency customer and is subject to certain citizenship-based restrictions where required or permitted by applicable law. To meet this legal requirement, citizenship will be verified via a valid passport, or other approved documents, or verified US government clearance.</em></p><div class="content-pay-transparency"><div class="pay-input"><div class="description"><p>The annual compensation range for this role is below. For sales roles, the range provided is the role’s On Target Earnings ("OTE") range, meaning that the range includes both the sales commissions/sales bonuses target and annual base salary for the role. Our total compensation package for full-time employees includes equity and benefits.</p></div><div class="title">Annual Salary:</div><div class="pay-range"><span>$320,000</span><span class="divider">&mdash;</span><span>$485,000 USD</span></div></div></div><div class="content-conclusion"><h2><strong>Logistics</strong></h2>
<p><strong>Education requirements: </strong>We require at least a Bachelor's degree in a related field or equivalent experience.<strong><br><br>Location-based hybrid policy:</strong> Currently, we expect all staff to be in one of our offices at least 25% of the time. However, some roles may require more time in our offices.</p>
<p><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Visa sponsorship:</strong>&nbsp;We do sponsor visas! However, we aren't able to successfully sponsor visas for every role and every candidate. But if we make you an offer, we will make every reasonable effort to get you a visa, and we retain an immigration lawyer to help with this.</p>
<p><strong>We encourage you to apply even if you do not believe you meet every single qualification.</strong> Not all strong candidates will meet every single qualification as listed.&nbsp; Research shows that people who identify as being from underrepresented groups are more prone to experiencing imposter syndrome and doubting the strength of their candidacy, so we urge you not to exclude yourself prematurely and to submit an application if you're interested in this work. We think AI systems like the ones we're building have enormous social and ethical implications. We think this makes representation even more important, and we strive to include a range of diverse perspectives on our team.<br><br><strong data-stringify-type="bold">Your safety matters to us.</strong>&nbsp;To protect yourself from potential scams, remember that Anthropic recruiters only contact you from&nbsp;@anthropic.com&nbsp;email addresses. Be cautious of emails from other domains. Legitimate Anthropic recruiters will never ask for money, fees, or banking information before your first day. If you're ever unsure about a communication, don't click any links—visit&nbsp;<u data-stringify-type="underline"><a class="c-link c-link--underline" href="http://anthropic.com/careers" target="_blank" data-stringify-link="http://anthropic.com/careers" data-sk="tooltip_parent" data-remove-tab-index="true">anthropic.com/careers</a></u>&nbsp;directly for confirmed position openings.</p>
<h2><strong>How we're different</strong></h2>
<p>We believe that the highest-impact AI research will be big science. At Anthropic we work as a single cohesive team on just a few large-scale research efforts. And we value impact — advancing our long-term goals of steerable, trustworthy AI — rather than work on smaller and more specific puzzles. We view AI research as an empirical science, which has as much in common with physics and biology as with traditional efforts in computer science. We're an extremely collaborative group, and we host frequent research discussions to ensure that we are pursuing the highest-impact work at any given time. As such, we greatly value communication skills.</p>
<p>The easiest way to understand our research directions is to read our recent research. This research continues many of the directions our team worked on prior to Anthropic, including: GPT-3, Circuit-Based Interpretability, Multimodal Neurons, Scaling Laws, AI &amp; Compute, Concrete Problems in AI Safety, and Learning from Human Preferences.</p>
<h2><strong>Come work with us!</strong></h2>
<p>Anthropic is a public benefit corporation headquartered in San Francisco. We offer competitive compensation and benefits, optional equity donation matching, generous vacation and parental leave, flexible working hours, and a lovely office space in which to collaborate with colleagues. <strong data-stringify-type="bold">Guidance on Candidates' AI Usage:</strong>&nbsp;Learn about&nbsp;<a class="c-link" href="https://www.anthropic.com/candidate-ai-guidance" target="_blank" data-stringify-link="https://www.anthropic.com/candidate-ai-guidance" data-sk="tooltip_parent">our policy</a>&nbsp;for using AI in our application process</p></div>